# Monolith Boss Bingo
This was created primarily as a means of me practicing HTML/CSS/JS, since I don't really have experience with any of them.<br>
I'm quite happy with how it turned out.

## Instructions
When the page loads, you are presented with three options of grid sizes, the 'Start' button, and the 'Use Code' button.
Selecting a radio will determine the size of grid generated when the 'Start' button is subsequently pressed.
If the 'Start' button is pressed and no selection is made, a 5x5 grid will be generated by default.
After the grid is generated, you can press the 'Reset' button below the grid to take you back to the main menu.<br>

### Sharing a Bingo Board
The 'Use Code' button allows you to generate a board based on input entered in the text area below it. 
When a grid is generated using the 'Start' button, a 'Share' button will appear below the grid, directly below the 'Reset' button.
Clicking 'Share' will populate the text area below it with a code that can be given to others to generate a board identical to your own.
With the code entered in the lower text area, clicking 'Use Code' on the main menu will generate a grid of the appropriate size and arrangement.

## Additional Credit
In working on this project, I required some graphical assistance due to the nature of it.
The bosses displayed in the grid need to be accessible in every run, and not every boss is.
To remedy this, I decided that CG and Microcore should be added into the mix, replacing Bloke and Renegade.
Problem is, they don't have portraits.<br>

<a href="https://twitter.com/Doom_Man_"><b>Doom Man</b></a>, being the absolute god he is, came in clutch and delivered portraits for both of them the very next day after responding to the request.
Big kudos to him for helping make the project look anywhere near professional by contributing those!
